Who is the author of the Bible?
The Bible is a collection of 66 small books.
Over 3,500 years ago, Moses began writing the first of those books.
During the next 1600 years, some 40 different men wrote the remaining books that make up the Bible.
If men wrote the text, why is the Bible called the Word of God?
Consider this.
When a businessman wants to send an important message,
he might use a secretary to write a letter or an email.
The employer tells his secretary the thoughts he wants to convey,
and the secretary compiles those thoughts into the email.
Although the secretary types the email, he is not the author.
In a similar way, the Bible writers express thoughts and feelings
in their own style, but the message did not originate with them.
So where did it come from?
The Bible says all scripture is inspired of God.
Jehovah God used his power to guide their minds, transmitting his thoughts to them.
How did he do this?
While the prophet Daniel was asleep, Jehovah caused him to have dreams.
Others, like the prophet Ezekiel,
were awake when God caused them to see incredible visions.
Sometimes, Jehovah used angels to communicate his thoughts,
such as when he spoke with the Apostle John.
But could Jehovah God really transmit his message in these ways?
Today, people can communicate their thoughts over great distances.
They can even communicate with astronauts in outer space.
If humans can do this, is it not reasonable to conclude that their creator can do far more?
We can trust the Bible, because it was authored not by man,
but by our loving creator, Jehovah God.